what's up guys a duck opinion here and
we are on this week's snapshot for 12 w
34 a HC at the bottom of screen a
snapshot is like a beta test of all the
new stuff they put in Minecraft for each
week that builds up to a huge actual
update that pop up on your screen size
would you like to update but as for
snapshot you have to kind of download
them and put them in your minecraft
yourself and test them out in the beta
stages of which they are so in this
snapshot we are going to cover
everything that is in it like I always
normally do you know all that great
stuff so in this snapshot um they have a
few new things they have these little
frames you see these frames I don't know
what the hell they are they're like
they're like pictures I guess but they
have like little frames and you can
change there I guess sword I'm not sure
if you can actually let me test this and
see if the frames can actually go inside
paintings or some weird gesture like
that you know I'm gonna test it let's
test in theory so so let's let's put a
painting down all right can I frame it
all right so I can't frame paintings so
I'm not sure wait a minute I think I get
it now all right so what are frames
frames you can put up and then whatever
item you have in your inventory you can
put it as a frame so say if you love
roses you can have like a rose frame of
a picture of a rose flip it around so
frames already use any item in the game
to be a picture so it's kind of like
another customizable picture i do not
know that until just now so that's
pretty awesome that you can pretty much
you know you want to have a diamond
frame you can just place a diamond there
and it doesn't seem to actually take
your item now i'm not sure how to make
frames but nonetheless let's continue on
they also have these new these new pot
plants and you can put plants in the
pots they look like little they look
like little pieces of clay enough so
that's
thing new they also have these new it's
a new it's a new fence type thing it's
it's a wall you can you can now build
these walls and they have them in mossy
and normal cobblestone and they're like
fences they line like fences and they
align like the cage thing does what are
those things called the other they are
they align like the iron bars and they
align like defenses so they have these
new these pretty cool little new mossy
cobblestone walls and normal cobblestone
which is cool they also added wooden
pressure plate buttons like you know if
normal pressure plate buttons you
couldn't really like shoot them to make
them stick but now they have these new
wooden ones so when you shoot it it
clicks it so that'd be really good for
certain custom maps for certain traps
that goes along with the with the new
traps they have with the trip wires so
um just I think that's just about it
there's one more thing if you used your
leather armor it's not for armor anymore
it's closed so as you see if you have
you go kill some cows and make leather
it they're closed and if you use them
for clothes you can die in with dyes and
you can have as you see here all sorts
of crazy colors and you can just die
your clothes any color you want so they
now have more custom more customization
with the dying the leather which are now
closed not really armor they're more
clothes they have the the new items of
the new frames that you can put your
favorite item as a picture they have the
cobblestone walls they also have it with
the maps now they aligned to a grid
which makes it easier to create adjusted
maps and masking we clone they have
stairs and now auto adjust in the
corners and they also have it that you
can you can play stairs in like the
different position based on the prayer
the hair crosses our mothers like a lot
of just like little minor things but I
covered all the new big things so if you
guys are new here I cover a lot of PC
minecraft and a lot of 360 minecraft try
to maybe subscribe give us a try see
what you guys think and I don't know
it's pretty much it I like to give the
news pretty fast and that's all the new
stuff for this week leave in the
comments if I
missed anything and once you think of
all the new items give a thumbs up and I
will talk to you guys later peace